# Standard Conventions in Accuray Documentation

> **NOTE:** The following section provides an overview of standard conventions in technical documentation and how best to approach them.

|**Standard Convention**|**Methodology / Recommendation**|
|:---------------------:|--------------------------------|
|**assure, ensure, insure**|***See subsection below.***|
|**backward**|Not *backwards*.|
|**bulleted lists**|***See subsection below.***|
|**buttons**|Spelling and case should be consistent with the user interface or hardware interface. **Bold** the name of the button.|
|**capitalization**|***See subsection below.***|
|**computer keys**|***See subsection below.***|
|**contractions and the grocer's apostrophe**|***See subsection below.***|
|**Data Server**|Two (2) words. Not *DataServer*.|
|**dialog box**|Use *dialog box* to refer to a window that can be used to select or enter data and can be closed.|
|**disc**|Use only to refer to a CD or DVD.|
|**disk**|In general, use *disk* to refer to hard disks and floopy disks. *Disk* also refers to anything disk-shapred, such as the gantry disk.|
|**document numbers**|***See subsection below.***|
|**farther, further, farthest, furthest**|*Farther* connotes measurable distance; *further* refers to an extension of time or degree.|
|**gantry position**|***See subsection below.***|
|**it's and its**|***See subsection below.***|
|**label, labeled, labeling**|Not *labelled* or *labelling*. Do not double the final *l*|
|**left-hand**|Do not use. *Hand* is superfluous; delete it. Just use *left*.|
|**log on, log off, logon, logoff**|***See subsection below.***|
|**numbers**|***See subsection below.***|
|**OK**|*Ok* is preferred to *okay* for brevity. However, *acceptable*, *within range*, or any number of other terms are probably clearer and more effective.|
|**open**|Not *open up*.
|**orient vs. orientate**|While both are correct, *orient* is shorter and preferred.|
|**pane**|Use *pane* to refer to a separate area of a single window.|
|**plus or minus**|Always use ± and never +/- or + with an underline. This symbol can be generated by typing **ALT + 241**.|
|**preventive vs. preventative**|While *preventative* is not incorrect, *preventive* is shorter and preferred.|
|**psi**|Acceptable on first reference for *pounds per square inch*. Always lowercase and used with a figure.|
|**right-hand**|Do not use. *Hand* is superfluous. Just use *right*.|
|**rpm**|***See subsection below.***|
|**screen**|Use *screen* to refer to the entire desktop view.|
|**Sections and Steps**|A *Section* is a distinct subdivision of a work instruction that could potentially stand on its own. *Steps* are a sequential order of actions toward some end.|
|**Sorenen**|Not *Sorenson* for the power supply unit.|
|**spacing after periods**|***See subsection below.***|
|**T-connector**|Not *Tee connector*.|
|**TDAT**|Not *T-Dat*.|
|**temperature**|***See subsection below.***|
|**toroid**|Only one *r*. Not *torroid*.|
|**toward**|Not *towards*.|
|**type**|Use *type* when entering free form text into a field or when the user is instructed to enter specific text.|
|**units of measure**|***See subsection below.***|
|**user name**|***See subsection below.***|
|**U-shaped, U-turn**|Not *"U" shaped* or *"U" turn*.|
|**via**|*Via* means "by the way of" and implies a geographic context. Avoid using *via* as a synonym for *by*,*through*, or *by means of*. Use the most specific term instead.|
|**window**|Use *window* to refer to a portion of the screen that contains its own interface elements.|

* **
## Asure, Ensure, Insure

In common English usage, *assure*, *ensure*, and *insure* are mistakenly interchanged in many situations.

To provoid a consistent voice and to improve readability worldwide, make these distinctions:

* **Assure**: to state positively *or* to make confident
* **Ensure**: to make sure *or* to guarantee
* **Insure**: to provide insurance

## Bulleted Lists

Use a phrase to introduce a bulleted list. Do not use *and* or *or* before the second to last belleted item. If a bulleted list contains more than one (1) sentence, it should not be a bulleted list.

Bulleted lists may be used for non-sequential items / steps or when there are multiple, equally acceptable options for a step.

## Capitalization

Limit capitalization to the first reference of Accuray-specfic terms, acronyms, and proper nouns.

Like excessive bold type, too much capitalization can make text distracting and difficult to read.

## Computer Keys

Spelling and case should be consistent with the keyboard. Use the action verb *press*. Do not use the word *key* after naming a computer key.

If multiple keys must be pressed simultaneously, use the + symbol between each key name. Do not use spaces between the + symbol and the key name.

## Contractions and the Grocer's Apostrophe

Per the *Microsoft Manual of Style*: "Avoid contractions. As basic as contractions are to the native reader, they add unnecessary complexity for the non-native reader. For example, contractions that end in 's can be mistaken for possessive nouns, and the 's can be read as either has or is."

Often, 's is mistakenly used to indicate a plural. This is known as the **grocer's apostrophe**, due to its prevalence on grocery store marquees.

A good rule of thumb is to double-check a document for any apostrophes. Since contractions are not used in Accuray documentation, there is a good chance that an 's is being used mistakenly.

This is especially common with acronyms: *MLCs*, not *MLC's* when referring to more than one MLC.

## Document Numbers 

List required and referenced document titles and numbers in the Required Documents table on the title page of a service instruction.

The document title should be in *italics* followed by the document number in parentheses (in plain type).

## Gantry Position

Always use a figure and o'clock, not 3:00 or 12:00, to describe the position of the gantry: *Position the gantry at 12 o'clock*.

The definition of o'clock is *of the clock*, and refers to the position of the hands on the face of a clock.

Additionally, it is not necessary to reference a person's orientation in relation to the gantry when referring to a component at 12 or 6 o'clock. A component is at 12 or 6 o'clock no matter where it is viewed from.

### Correct

> Position the linac at 3 o'clock, as viewed from the front of the gantry.

> Position the linac at 12 o'clock.

### Incorrect

> Position the linac at 6:00, as viewed from the front of the gantry.

> Position the linac at 3:00.

## It's and Its

*It's* is a contraction for *it is* or *it has*: *It's important to complete training*.

*Its* is the possessive form of the neuther pronoun: *Remove the component from its container*.

> **NOTE:** Because contractions are not used, *it's* should not appear in Accuray documentation.

## Log On, Log Off, Logon, Logoff

Use *log on* or *log on to* (not *log onto*) to refer to creating a user session on a computer or a network. Use *log off* or *log off from* to refer to ending a user session on a computer or a network.

Use *sign in* and *sign out* to refer to creating and ending a user session on the Internet.

Do not use *log in*, *login*, *log onto*, *log off of*, *logout*, *sign off* or *sign on* unless these terms appear in the user interface.

The verb form is two (2) words, *log on* or *log off*. As a noun or adjective, use one word, no hyphen: *logon* or *logoff*.

### Correct

> You must enter your password while logging on.

> Some networks support this logon feature.

> A single logon gives you access to all the resources of the network.

> Remember to log off from the network.

> When you are finished using the network, remember to log off.

### Incorrect

> Log in before you start Windows.

> Remember to log off of the network.

> Remember to log off the network.

> When you logon to the network, you have access to your e-mail.

## Numbers

Spell out numbers *one* through *nine* unless they precede a unit of measurement. Follow with the numeral version in parenteses (ex: one (1) ). Use numerals for 10 and above.

Use numerals for dimensions and to indicate time. Spell out ordinal numbers in text; do not use ordinal numbers for dates.

## rpm

Acceptable on first reference for *revolutions per minute*. Always lowercase and used with a figure. Because the "r" stands for revolution***s***, the singular and plural forms are the same.

### Correct

> Verify the gantry is rotating at 30 rpm.

> The centrifuge operates at 1 rpm.

### Incorrect

> Rotate the gantry at 12 rpm

> Make sure the disk spins a 100 RPM

> The gantry operates at six RPMs

## Spacing After Periods

Use a single space after a period at the end of a sentence. Two (2) spaces are unnecessary with proportional-width fonts such as Arial, which is the font used in the body text of Accuray work instructions.

Additionally, the *Chicago Manual of Style*, the *AP Stylebook*, the *Modern Language Association*, and the *Microsoft Manual of Style* all recommend using one space after a period at the end of a sentence.

## Temperature

Always with a figure, degree symbol (°), capital F or C, with no spaces.

> **NOTE:** The alt code for the degree symbol is **Alt+1076**.

List the temperature in Fahrenheit with the Celsius conversion in parentheses, except for -40° (see the following example).

### Correct

> 212°F (100°C)

> -40°F/C

### Incorrect

> seven degrees

> 100 degrees Celsius

## Units of Measure

Use numerals for all units of measure. Use an initial zero (0) for decimal fractions less than one (1). Leave a space between the numeral and unit of measure.

It is acceptable on first reference to use standard abbreviations for units of measure.

## User Name

Two words unless describing a label in the user interface. If the user interface uses *username*, use the one-word form only to describe the interface element.

### Correct

> In the Username box, enter your user name.

### Incorrect

> In the Username box, enter your username.

* **

> **NOTE:** This concludes this chapter on voicing, to continue to the next chapter on proofreading, click [here](https://github.com/taddieken95/Accuray_Tech_Comm_Guide/blob/master/Chapter%204:%20Proofreading/READme.md). To go back to this chapter's overview, click [here](https://github.com/taddieken95/Accuray_Tech_Comm_Guide/blob/master/Chapter%203:%20Voicing/READme.md).
